README.md, before:

Welcome to my GitHub! Here are my projects (or at least those I am willing to share) to showcase my coding abilities and my journey as a developer. Showcased are only projects that I made, excluding many that were made by following the tutorials.

If any of the projects in a list sounds interesting, feel free to take a deeper look in its respective repository.<br/>
<sub>Projects are sorted by newest first. It includes project name, link to project repository, list of used technologies and a brief description.</sub>

- [Wordle assitant](https://github.com/Sefanovskis-Artjoms/wordle-assistant). <sub>HTML, CSS, JavaScript.</sub> Assistant at the Wordle word guessing game, where you enter your guesses and the status of each letter in the respective word and get a list of possible solutions.
- [Todo app](https://github.com/Sefanovskis-Artjoms/vass_bootcamp). <sub>React/Next.js, MongoDB, Tailwind, Next.auth, Redux, Jest.</sub><br/>Simple todo app project was a React/Next.js bootcamp project at VASS. App contains:
  - Basic CRUD operations with todo items
  - Role visibility policy
  - Authentication using next.auth
  - MongoDB database
  - Internationalisation(Website in different languages)
  - Filtering and sorting using Redux
  - Some testing with Jest
- [Stironmetrs](https://github.com/Sefanovskis-Artjoms/Stironmetrs). <sub>Node.js.</sub><br/>Code scraps 5 web stores for alcohol data to calculate its efficiency index e.g. volume*degrees/price and store results in a .csv file sorted by the best coeficient at the top. Idea is inspired by a conversation with a neighbor in university dormitories to prove a point in an argument.
- [Battleship game assistant](https://github.com/Sefanovskis-Artjoms/Battleship-assistant). <sub>HTML, CSS, JS.</sub><br/> Assistant for the battleships game, the one that many palyed during childhood on a paper with a friend where both had a 10x10 square and 10 ships to hide there and then shoot the opponents ships. This project takes the grid and shows the probabilities of having a ship in every square taking into consideradtion the current situation on a field and number of ships left. Probabilities are automatically adjusted as a user is free to interact with a board.
- [Pig counter](https://github.com/Sefanovskis-Artjoms/Pig-counter). <sub>PHP, HTML, CSS.</sub><br/>Small project to simplify tracking of a foreign objects that were identified in a different parts of a pig during procesing. Project was made for the employees of a slaughter house in england.
- [Sudoku game](https://github.com/Sefanovskis-Artjoms/Sudoku). <sub>HTML, CSS, JS.</sub>
- [Simple calculator](https://github.com/Sefanovskis-Artjoms/Simple-calculator). <sub>HTML, CSS, JS.</sub><br/>My first attempt at making pet projects.
- [Car detailing company web page](https://github.com/Sefanovskis-Artjoms/TGL). <sub>PHP, HTML, CSS, SQL.</sub><br/> This is a simple e-commerce store for imaginary company "The glow light" made as a diploma project in a technical school.

Commit message:

Add Carcas Counters and fix Wordle assistant entry
Updated project list with new entry for Carcas Counters and corrected duplicate entry for Wordle assistant.

README.md, after:

Welcome to my GitHub! Here are my projects (or at least those I am willing to share) to showcase my coding abilities and my journey as a developer. Showcased are only projects that I made, excluding many that were made by following the tutorials.

If any of the projects in a list sounds interesting, feel free to take a deeper look in its respective repository.<br/>
<sub>Projects are sorted by newest first. It includes project name, link to project repository, list of used technologies and a brief description.</sub>

- [Carcas Counters]([https://github.com/Sefanovskis-Artjoms/wordle-assistant](https://github.com/Sefanovskis-Artjoms/carcas-counters-public)). <sub>React/Next.js, SCSS, Tailwind, Typscript, SQL.</sub><br>Contamination tracking solution for a slaughterhouse.
- [Wordle assitant](https://github.com/Sefanovskis-Artjoms/wordle-assistant). <sub>HTML, CSS, JavaScript.</sub><br>Assistant at the Wordle word guessing game, where you enter your guesses and the status of each letter in the respective word and get a list of possible solutions.
- [Todo app](https://github.com/Sefanovskis-Artjoms/vass_bootcamp). <sub>React/Next.js, MongoDB, Tailwind, Next.auth, Redux, Jest.</sub><br/>Simple todo app project was a React/Next.js bootcamp project at VASS. App contains:
  - Basic CRUD operations with todo items
  - Role visibility policy
  - Authentication using next.auth
  - MongoDB database
  - Internationalisation(Website in different languages)
  - Filtering and sorting using Redux
  - Some testing with Jest
- [Stironmetrs](https://github.com/Sefanovskis-Artjoms/Stironmetrs). <sub>Node.js.</sub><br/>Code scraps 5 web stores for alcohol data to calculate its efficiency index e.g. volume*degrees/price and store results in a .csv file sorted by the best coeficient at the top. Idea is inspired by a conversation with a neighbor in university dormitories to prove a point in an argument.
- [Battleship game assistant](https://github.com/Sefanovskis-Artjoms/Battleship-assistant). <sub>HTML, CSS, JS.</sub><br/> Assistant for the battleships game, the one that many palyed during childhood on a paper with a friend where both had a 10x10 square and 10 ships to hide there and then shoot the opponents ships. This project takes the grid and shows the probabilities of having a ship in every square taking into consideradtion the current situation on a field and number of ships left. Probabilities are automatically adjusted as a user is free to interact with a board.
- [Pig counter](https://github.com/Sefanovskis-Artjoms/Pig-counter). <sub>PHP, HTML, CSS.</sub><br/>Small project to simplify tracking of a foreign objects that were identified in a different parts of a pig during procesing. Project was made for the employees of a slaughter house in england.
- [Sudoku game](https://github.com/Sefanovskis-Artjoms/Sudoku). <sub>HTML, CSS, JS.</sub>
- [Simple calculator](https://github.com/Sefanovskis-Artjoms/Simple-calculator). <sub>HTML, CSS, JS.</sub><br/>My first attempt at making pet projects.
- [Car detailing company web page](https://github.com/Sefanovskis-Artjoms/TGL). <sub>PHP, HTML, CSS, SQL.</sub><br/> This is a simple e-commerce store for imaginary company "The glow light" made as a diploma project in a technical school.
